Track mlflow experiment id (#17398)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/community/usage-tracking.mdx

#### Tracked Events

**No details about the specific model, code, or weights are collected.** Only the parameters listed under the `Tracked Parameters` column are recorded alongside the event;

> For events with None in the `Tracked Parameters` column, only the event name is recorded. If "MLFLOW_EXPERIMENT_ID" environment variable exists, it is tracked as params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For events with None in the `Tracked Parameters` column, only the event name is recorded. If "MLFLOW_EXPERIMENT_ID" environment variable exists, it is tracked as a param.
```
